comparing pseudocode with an algorithm for the program factorial of a number


first, i would like to explain in brief what these both terminologies are: 

Pseudocode and algorithms are both used to describe
 the steps or logic of a program or problem-solving process. 
 However, they differ in terms of their level of detail and formality.

Pseudocode:
Pseudocode is a high-level, informal description of a program or algorithm. 
It uses plain language and simple constructs to outline the logic of the solution 
without being tied to any specific programming language. 
Pseudocode is often used as a tool for planning and understanding the structure of a program 
before implementing it in a particular programming language.

Algorithm:
An algorithm is a step-by-step, precise set of instructions used to solve a specific problem
 or perform a specific task. It is often written in a more formal and structured manner 
 than pseudocode and is independent of any programming language syntax. 
 Algorithms are typically more detailed and specific, providing clear instructions
  for each step of the process.

  In summary, pseudocode is an informal and high-level description of the logic of a program or algorithm,
   while an algorithm is a more formal and precise set of instructions.
    Pseudocode is useful for planning and understanding, 
    while an algorithm provides a specific and detailed solution to a problem.

    Pseudocode:
1. Start
2. Read input number (num)
3. Set factorial = 1
4. Set counter = 1
5. While counter <= num, do the following steps:
     - Set factorial = factorial * counter
     - Increment counter by 1
6. Print factorial
7. End


Algorithm: CalculateFactorial(num)
1. Start
2. Input num
3. Set factorial = 1
4. Set counter = 1
5. While counter <= num, do steps 6 and 7:
6.    Set factorial = factorial * counter
7.    Increment counter by 1
8. Return factorial
9. End

The pseudocode uses plain language and simple constructs to describe the logic,
 while the algorithm provides a more structured and formal representation of the same steps.